Add support for `function` in the Slint language (#1935)
slint-ui/slint: docs/langref.md

}
```

## Functions

You can declare helper functions with the function keyword.

> Functions are private by default, but can be annotated with public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions are private by default, but can be made public with the `public` annotation.
```
